Add documentation for consumption metrics (#3355)
neondatabase/neon: docs/consumption_metrics.md

This is an absolute, per-tenant metric.

- `remote_storage_size`

Size of the remote storage (S3) directory.
This is an absolute, per-tenant metric.

- `timeline_logical_size`
Logical size of the data in the timeline
This is an absolute, per-timeline metric.

- `synthetic_storage_size`
Size of all tenant's branches including WAL
This is the same metric that `tenant/{tenant_id}/size` endpoint returns.
This is an absolute, per-tenant metric.

Synthetic storage size is calculated in a separate thread, so it might be slightly outdated.

#### Format example

```json
{
"metric": "remote_storage_size",
"type": "absolute",
"time": "2022-12-28T11:07:19.317310284Z",
"idempotency_key": "2022-12-28 11:07:19.317310324 UTC-1-4019",
"value": 12345454,
"tenant_id": "5d07d9ce9237c4cd845ea7918c0afa7d",
"timeline_id": "a03ebb4f5922a1c56ff7485cc8854143",
}
```

`idempotency_key` is a unique key for each metric, so that we can deduplicate metrics.
It is a combination of the time, node_id and a random number.

### Proxy consumption metrics

#### Configuration
The endpoint and the collection interval can be passed as command line arguments for proxy:

> `metric_collection_endpoint` defaults to None, which means that metric collection is disabled by default.
> `metric_collection_interval` defaults to 10min

Author: ```suggestion
`metric_collection_endpoint` no default, which means that metric collection is disabled by default.
`metric_collection_interval` no default
```
